1. To use the PBK Model Explorer tool, please download all files to your local computer. (To download all files, click on the small arrow on the right of the green "<> code" button and select "Download ZIP"). Once you have downloaded the zip file, right click on the file name and ensure that you use "extract all" to extract the files into your chosen file directory. Once extracted, double click the file named "index" to run the PBK model explorer tool.<p>
2. When accessible, you should see an orange header "PBK Model Explorer" with a table of chemicals below. (If you do not see the orange header and chemicals you may need to repeat the download and ensure you have used "Extract all".)<p>
3. Search for models by entering the name or CAS number of a chemical of interest and clicking the relevant button (Name or CAS Registry) to start the search. If the chemical is in the database, the table will show for which species, route, life-stage etc models are available. The models can be filtered using the buttons on the left of the screen.<p>
4. Once you have identified models of interest, use the "export rows" button to export a csv file in Excel. This file will contain basic information about the model as well as the DOI and/or hyperlink to the publication where the model appears.<p>
5. To return to the "unfiltered" selection, click on the red "x" on the left of the search term to go back to the more complete list.<p>
6. Pleae note that this tool is currently work in progress; an updated PBK model search tool is under development.
